Improve user symbol resolution (#2386)
iovisor/bpftrace: man/adoc/bpftrace.adoc

=== BPFTRACE_CACHE_USER_SYMBOLS

> Default: PER_PROGRAM if ASLR disabled, PER_PID if ASLR enabled and -p option used; NONE otherwise.

Reviewer: This doesn't match the implemented behaviour, although the way it's described here sounds good to me

Author: I don't see any difference between the behavior described here and the behavior implemented in `src/main.cpp`. Anyway, I'll change both to reflect the suggestion to default to PER_PID.

* uretprobes

Equal to <<functions_ksym>> but resolves user space symbols.

> If ASLR is enabled, it works only when the process is running at either the time of the symbol resolution or the time of the probe attachment. The latter requires `BPFTRACE_CACHE_USER_SYMBOLS` to be set to `PER_PID`, and might not work with older versions of BCC. A similar limitation also applies to dynamically loaded symbols.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If ASLR is enabled, user space symbolication only works when the process is running at either the time of the symbol resolution or the time of the probe attachment. The latter requires `BPFTRACE_CACHE_USER_SYMBOLS` to be set to `PER_PID`, and might not work with older versions of BCC. A similar limitation also applies to dynamically loaded symbols.
```
Nit: Reworded to sound better to me
